docs: add new Layout Functions: Center, Column and Row.. (#516)
ZupIT/beagle-docs: content/en/api/components/layout/styled.md

---
title: Styled
weight: 338
description: You will find here the description of the Styled function and its attributes details
---

---

## What is it?

> `Styled` is a function that applies a size to your component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Styled` is a function to help you organize the layout and style of your view. It is a simple way of setting various style properties at once.
```

See how the structure is represented:

| **Attribute** | **Type**  | Required | **Definition** |
| :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------: | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | self   | StyleComponent                                                |      ✓       | Component to be applied the style. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| self   | StyleComponent                                                |      ✓       | Component to receive the style. |
```
